Version: see hide_info.hla

Compiled and tested with HLA 2.14 and hlalib 8

This project builds hidelib.lib from various Job libraries.

hidelib
	contains useful functions for:
	crossplatform environment handling
	crossplatform module info and file execution
	version info
	shared data
	output to stdout
	low level string compare
	memory

scanlib
	low level scanning functions designed to replace
	scanning functions in the hide namespace (now depricated).
	
class
	general class library containing
	clone
	stack
	heapsort	... now in oldlib
	rbtree		... now in oldlib
	
configclass
	extensive class that deals with configuration files
	
bufferclass
	a class containing functions to create, manipulate and
	scan buffers.
	
strbufferclass
	an extension of bufferclass that dynamically collects strings
	and stores them in a format that is partially HLA string compatible
	(contains length at [ptr-4]).
	These strings are meant to be readonly after inserted into the buffer.
	
listclass
	contains several classes focused on linked lists
	baselist	contains base functions inherited by other lists
	list		inherits baselist and adds a single value field
	flist		inherits list and adds several fields.
				Works with filenames with functions similar to func job


build hidelib
	a target job that combines the libraries produced by all the jobs
	above into a single library: hidelib.lib
	It then copies this library to the hlalib folder assuming the HIDE
	folder and Projects folder contaiing the hidelib folder occupy the
	same directory level.
	eg:
	c:\HIDE\hlalib
	c:\Projects\hidelib
	
Export Headers
	a target job that copies all the hidelib header files to HIDE\hlainc\hide.

testLib
	A program job used for testing library functions

	
config			[oldlib.lib]
	original configuration library, now depricated.
	config.lib is now a part of the oldlib project.

func			[oldlib.lib]
	these are now depricated and part of oldlib project

hidefunc		[oldlib.lib]
	extensions to hlalib.lib, scanning functions.
	These are deprecated and now a part of the oldlib project.
	use scanlib instead
	
